to Sherlock Holmes she is always the woman I have seldom heard him mention her under any other name in his eyes she eclipses and predominates the whole of her sex it was not that he felt any emotion akin to love for Irene Adler all emotions and that one particularly we're at heart to his cold precise but admirably balanced mind he was I take it the most perfect but he would have placed himself in a false position was to introduce. I had seen little of homes lately my marriage had drifted us away from each other my own complete happiness and the home centered interests which rise up around the man who first finds himself master of his own establishment what's the fishing to absorb all my attention while homes who load every form of society with his whole Bohemian Soul remained in our lodgings in Baker Street buried among his old books and alternating from week-to-week between cocaine and ambition the drowsiness of the drug and the fierce energy of his own Keen nature he was still has ever deeply attracted by the study of crime and occupied his immense faculties and extraordinary. from time to time I heard some vague account of his doings of his summons to Odessa and the case of the trip off murder I was clearing up of the singular tragedy of the Atkinson Brothers at trincomalee and finally out the mission which he had accomplished so delicately and successfully for the reigning family of Holland. biondi signs of his activity however which I'm merely shared with all of the readers of the Daily Press little up by former friend and companion one night it was on the 20th of March 8th I was returning from 4 I had now return to civil practice when my way LED me through Baker Street as I passed the well remembered or which must always be associated with the dark incidence of the study in Scarlet desire to see homes again had to know how he was employing his extraordinary powers. he was pacing the room swiftly eagerly with his head sunkap on his chest and his hands clasped behind him to me and have it his attitude and manner told their own story he was at work again he had risen out of his drug created. I rang the bell and was shown up to the chamber which had formerly been in part my own. his matter was not a fuse if it's seldom Watts but he was glad I think to see. with hardly a word spoken but with a kindly I beweave me to an armchair threw across his case of cigars and indicated a Spirits case gasogene in the corner then he stood before the fire and looked me over and is singular introspective fashion. Whitlock suits you he remarked I think Watson that you have put on 7 and 1/2 pound since I saw you seven I answered. indeed I should have thought a little more just to trifle more I fancy Watson and didn't practice again I observe you did not tell me that you intended to go into a harness then how do you know. I see it I do sit how do I know that you have been getting yourself very wet lately I let you have the most clumsy and careless servant-girl. my dear Holmes said I this is too much you would certainly have been burned had you lived a few centuries ago it is true that I had a country walk on Thursday and came home in a dreadful mess but as I have changed my clothes I can't imagine how you deduce it as to Mary Jane she is incorrigible and my wife is giving her notice but there again I fail to see how you work it out. he chuckled to himself and rubbed his long nervous hands together. it is Simplicity itself said he my eyes tell me that on the inside of your left shoe just where the fire light strikes it the leather is scored by six almost parallel cuts from it. I could not help laughing at the ease with which he explained his process of deduction and I hear you give your reasons I remarked the ridiculous. quite so he answered lighting a cigarette and throwing himself down into an armchair you see but you do not observe the distinction is clear for example you have frequently seen the steps which lead up from the hall to this room. frequently. how often. some hundreds of times. then how many are there. Maddie I don't know. so you have not observed and yet you have seen that is just my point now I know that there are 17 steps because I have both seen and observed by the way since you are interested in these little problems and since you were good enough to Chronicle one or two of my trifling experiences you may be interested in this. he threw over a sheet of thick pink tinted notepaper which you've been lying open upon the table. it came by the last post said he read it aloud. the note was undated and without either signature or address. there will call upon you tonight at a quarter to 8 it said a gentleman who desires to consult you upon a matter of the very deepest moment. your recent services to one of the royal houses of Europe have shown that you are one who may safely be trusted with matters which are of importance which can hardly be exaggerated. this account of you we have from all quarters received be in your chamber then do not take it amiss if your visitor wear a mask. this isn't a mystery I remarked what do you imagine that it means. I have no data yet it is a capital mistake to theorize before one has data insensibly one begins to twist facts to suit theories instead of theories to suit facts self what do you deduce from it. I carefully examine the writing and the paper upon which it was written. the man who wrote it was presumably well-to-do Ivory marked endeavoring to imitate my companions processes such paper could not be bought under half a crowded packet it is peculiar strong and stiff. peculiar venison very World set Holmes it is not an English paper at all to the light. I did so and saw a large e with a small g a capital P at a large capital G with a small T woven into the texture of the paper. what do you make of that as poems. the name of the maker note out for his brother. the G with a small T stands for itself shaft which is German for company it is a customary contraction like our CEO for company P of course here now for the EG. he took down a heavy brown volume from Michelle's e Glo 8 minutes it is in a German speaking country and paper mills. the paper was made in Bohemia I said. precisely and the man who wrote the note is a German do you notice the peculiar construction of the sentence this account of you we have from all quarters received a Frenchman or Russian could not have written that it is the German who is so uncourteous to his verbs it only remains there for to discover what is wanted by this German who writes upon Bohemian paper and prefers wearing a mask to showing his face and. as he spoke there was a shop sound of horses hooves in greeting Wheels against the curb followed by a shark pool at the Bell Holmes whistle. a pear by the sound said he yes he continued glancing out of the window a nice little bro has a hundred and fifty guineas apiece there's money in this case Watson if there is nothing else I think that I had better go homes not up yet doctor stay where you are I am lost without my Boswell for mind him I may want your help and so may he becomes sit down in that armchair doctor and give us. a slow when heavystep which had been heard upon the stairs and in the passage paused immediately outside the door then there was a loud and authoritative tap. come in said Holmes. could hardly have been less than 6 ft 6 in in height with a chest in limbs of a Hercules is dress was rich with a richness Witchwood in England be looked upon as a kin to bad taste heavy bands of astrakhan were slashed across the sleeves and fronts of his double-breasted coat while the deep blue cloak which was thrown over and secured at the Flaming Barrel. boots with extended halfway up his calves and which would trimmed at the tops with Rich brown fur completed the impression of barbaric opulence which was suggested by his whole appearance he carried a broad-brimmed hat in his hand while he wore across the upper part of his face extending down a black vizard mask which he had apparently adjusted that very moment for his hand was still raised to it as he entered. from the lower part of the face she appeared to be a man of strong character with a thick hanging lip and a long straight chin suggested of resolution push to the links of obstinacy. you had my note he asked with a deep Arch voice and a strongly marked German accent I told you that I would call you look from one to the other of us as if uncertain which to address. please take a seat sit homes this is my friend and colleague dr. Watson who is occasionally good enough to help me in my cases have I the honor to address. you may address me as the count Von kramm a Bohemian nobleman. I understand that this gentleman your friend is a man of honour and discretion whom I may trust with a matter of the most extreme importance if not I should much prefer to communicate with you alone. I Rose to go but home is caught me by the wrist and pushed me back into my check. it is both or none said he you may say before this gentleman anything which you may say to me. counts drug this broad shoulders. is na must begin said he by binding you both to Absolute secrecy for two years at the end of that time the matter will be of no importance at present it is not too much to say that it is of such weight it may have an influence upon European history. I promise said homes and die. you will excuse this mask continued our Strange visitor the oldest person who employs me which is his agent to be unknown to you and I may confess it once that the title by which I have just called myself is not exactly my all. I was aware of it said Holmes rally. the circumstances are a great delicacy at every precaution has to be taken to quench what micro and seriously compromised one of the families of Europe. to speak plainly the matter implicates the greathouse of Ornstein hereditary Kings of Bohemia. I was also aware of that murmured homes settling himself down in his armchair and closing his eyes. our visitor glance with some of parents surprised at the language lounging figure of the man who have been no doubt depicted to him as the most incisive Reasoner and most energetic agent in Europe. home slowly reopened his eyes and looked in patiently at his gigantic twice. if you would condescend to State your case he remarked I should be better able to advise you. the man who sprang from his chair and paced up and down the room and uncontrollable agitation then with a gesture of desperation he tore them from his face and her. you are right he cried I am the high should I attempt to conceal it. why indeed members holds your majesty had not spoken before I was aware that I was addressing Wilhelm got strike sigmones fun on Stine Grand Duke of Cassel feldstein and hereditary king of Bohemia. but you can understand set our Strange visitor sitting down once more in passing his hand over his high wide forehead. you can understand that I am not accustomed to. yet the matter was so delicate that I could not confide it to an agent without putting myself in his power. I have coming Cognito from Prague for the purpose of Consulting you. then pray consult said homes shutting his eyes once more. the facts are briefly these some five years ago during a lengthy visit to Warsaw I made the acquaintance of the well-known adventuress Irene Adler the name is no doubt familiar to you. kindly look her up in my index doctor mermaid homes without opening his eyes for many years he had adopted the system of docketing all paragraphs concerning man and things so that it was difficult to name a subject or a person on which she could not have once furnish information. in this case I found her biography sandwiched in between that of a Hebrew Rabbi and that of a staff commander who had written a monograph upon the deep sea fishes. let me see said Holmes 58 contralto La Scala prima donna Imperial Opera of Warsaw yes retired from operatic stage living in London. precisely so but how was there a secret marriage no legal papers or certificates non. there is the writing. archery. my private Note Paper stolen. my own seal imitated. my photograph. we were both in the photograph. oh dear is very bad yo Majesty has indeed committed an indiscretion. I was mad insane. you have compromised yourself seriously. I was only Crown Prince then I was young I am but 30 now. it must be recovered. we have tried and say it. your majesty must pay it must be bought. he will not sell. five attempts have been made twice burglars in my pay ransacked your house once we diverted her luggage when she travelled twice she has been waylaid there has been no result. no sign of it. absolutely not. homes lot. it is quite a pretty little problem said he. but a very serious one to me return the king reproachfully very indeed and what does she propose to do with the photograph. ruin. but how. I am about to be married. so I have heard. do clothilda laughman van Sox minigun second daughter of the king of Scandinavia. you may know the strict principles of her family she is herself the very soul of delicacy a shadow of a doubt as to my conduct would bring the matter to an end. and Irene Adler. threatens to send them the photograph and she will do it I know that she will do it you do not know her but she has a Soul of Steel she has to face the most beautiful of women and the mind of the most Resolute of men. rather than I should marry another woman there are no links to which she would not go none. you are sure that she has not sent it yet. I am sure. and why. because she has said that she would send it on the day when the betrothal was publicly proclaimed that will be next Monday. then we have three days yet said homes with a yawn I have one or two matters of importance to look into Justin present your majesty will of course. certainly you will find me at The Langham under the name of the count Von kramm. then I shall drop you a line to let you know how we progress. pray do so I shall be all anxiety. then as to money. you have cock-blocked absolutely. I tell you that I would give one of the provinces of my kingdom to have that photograph. and for present expenses the king took a heavy Chamois leather bag from under his cloak and laid it on the table. there are 300 pounds in gold and 700 and notes he said. unbearable sales address he asked. is briony Lodge Serpentine Avenue St John's Wood. homes to connoted. one other question said he was the photograph a cabinet it was then goodnight your majesty and I trust that we shall soon have some good news for you and goodnight Watson he added as the wheels of the royal Brougham rolled down the street if you will be good enough to call tomorrow afternoon at 3 should like to chat this little matter over with you. 